African bees are renowned to be
very vicious and elephants are
terrified because they literally
don't want to have Abby of their
trunk stinging them elephant's
tend to rest on the very big
trees and if there is a natural
behind the audience will hear
the bees beginning to buzz and
they will retreat or stop doing
what they're doing they know
that bees when disturbed will
swarm and sting knowing that
elephants are scared of bees
means that we can action to save
elephants elephants are one of
the most destructive animals in
Africa they're very very hard to
manage and control the so
bigness so intelligence and they
eat a lot if you put up beehives
in areas where elephants like to
read farms we can actually
create a barrier between people
and elephants by using bees
we can also take advantage of
the fact that is just the sound
of the beast at the elephants
are world so we can use
instruments that make that sound
like drugs to actually chase
elephants away from places where
they could cause a lot of damage
bees are buzzing and the fear of
bees being used to keep elephant
safe vehicle all bees buzz but
bumblebees are one of the very
few types of beings that
actually take that buzzing sound
and use it like a secret weapon
to get pollen